Use chunks instead of whole test dataframe for boosting decision (#234)
craft-ai/craft-ai-client-python: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/craft-ai/craft-ai-client-python/compare/v2.2.4...HEAD) ##

### Change

> - Boosting decisions are now taken on chunks instead of whole test dataframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Boosting decisions on pandas dataframe are now chunked.
```
